README.md, before:

# readme-generator
A command-line application that dynamically generates a good README file from a user's input. This README file was built using this application.

![DEMO](demo_slower.gif)
# Table of contents
1. [Usage](#Usage)
2. [License](#License)
3. [Badges](#Badges)
4. [User Story](#User_Story)
5. [Business Context](#Business_Context)
<a name="Usage"></a>
## Usage
```sh
node index.js
```
<a name='License'></a>
## License
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)
<a name="Badges"></a>
## Badges
 [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-node.js-<COLOR>.svg)](https://shields.io/)

**on github:** <a href='github.com/b0rgBart3'>b0rgBart3</a>

[![](https://github.com/b0rgBart3.png?size=90)](https://github.com/remarkablemark)

Email: borgBart3@gmail.com
<a name="User_Story"></a>
## User Story
```sh
AS A developer 
I WANT a REAME generator 
SO THAT I can easily put together a good README for a new project
```
<a name="Business_Context"></a>
## Business Context
When creating an open source project on GitHub, it is important to have a quality README with information about the app--what is the app for, how to use the app, how to install it, how to report issues, and how to make contributions so that other developers are more likely to use and contribute to the success of the project. A command-line application will allow for quick and easy generation of a project README to get started quickly. This will allow a project creator to spend more time working on finishing the project and less time creating a good README.

Commit message:

moving the goodreadme to readme

README.md, after:

# readme-generator
A command-line application that dynamically generates a good README file from a user's input. This readme file was built using this application.

![DEMO](demo.gif)
# Table of contents
1. [Usage](#Usage)
2. [License](#License)
3. [Features](#Features)
4. [Technology](#Technology)
5. [Credits](#Credits)
6. [Contributing](#Contributing)
7. [Badges](#Badges)
8. [User Story](#User_Story)
9. [Business Context](#Business_Context)
<a name="Usage"></a>
## Usage
```sh
node index.js
```
<a name='License'></a>
## License
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)
<a name="Features"></a>
## Features
1. image
2.  table of contents
3.  all basic readme info
4.  github profile image and email
<a name="Technology"></a>
## Technology
1. Node.js
2.  markdown
<a name="Credits"></a>
## Credits
b0rgBart3
<a name="Contributing"></a>
## Contributing
Anyone is free to contribute.  Please refer to the <a href='https://www.contributor-covenant.org/'>Contributor Covenant</a>
<a name="Badges"></a>
## Badges
 [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-node.js-<COLOR>.svg)](https://shields.io/)

**on github:** <a href='github.com/b0rgBart3'>b0rgBart3</a>

[![](https://github.com/b0rgBart3.png?size=90)](https://github.com/remarkablemark)

Email: borgBart3@gmail.com
<a name="User_Story"></a>
## User Story
```sh
AS A developer I WANT a REAME generator SO THAT I can easily put together a good README for a new project
```
<a name="Business_Context"></a>
## Business Context
When creating an open source project on GitHub, it is important to have a quality README with information about the app--what is the app for, how to use the app, how to install it, how to report issues, and how to make contributions so that other developers are more likely to use and contribute to the success of the project. A command-line application will allow for quick and easy generation of a project README to get started quickly. This will allow a project creator to spend more time working on finishing the project and less time creating a good README.
